Good morning, family.
How have you been doing?
I just wanted to say hi today.
I have some things on my heart to talk to you about.
I've talked to you about angel visitations and things I have experienced with the Lord over the years, but I'm going to talk to you about some more of them.
Some were angel visitations where I believe we entertained angels unaware.
My wife has had those experiences, too.
First off, people wanted to know after the last video, "What do you do with the economy?
What are you going to do with all that is going to happen?
" I want to tell you: never be afraid.
We are always to walk in victory.
We go from glory to glory to glory.
We're not afraid of anything—the economy, pestilence, or plagues.
My recommendation is Psalm 91.
Get Psalm 91 and Psalm 23 deep inside your heart and meditate on that word.
The Bible says that when David was talking, he said, "I've never seen the righteous forsaken or his seed begging bread.
" If He will take care of the sparrows and the animals of the woods—He takes care of it all: fish, flowers, whatever—God is merciful and takes care of His creation.
We are His sons and daughters; how much more would He take care of you in these last days if you are a true child of the King?
I'm not worried about any of this.
People ask if I have anxiety about it—not at all.
I tell you about it, but inside I say, "This is not for me.
I'm not participating in an economic crisis.
" My wife and children will not do without.
My Father owns the cattle on a thousand hills.
He has it all in His hand.
He is the God of the universe, the only God, the one true God, the Great I Am.
If He dwells on the inside of you, He said He would never leave you nor forsake you.
Lo, unto the end of the Earth, I will be with you always.
If that is His promise to you, how much more will He take care of you?
How much more will He provide food for you and your children?
Even if the worst came and there was no food at all, He could bring the ravens or mana like He did for the children of Israel every morning.
He brought them a cloud by day and a fire by night.
That was under the Old Covenant, the Abrahamic Covenant.
How much more does He have a covenant with you by His Son's blood?
Jesus Christ died on the cross for you to be healthy, mentally sound, and wealthy.
He became poor that you might be rich.
He became sick that you might be healed.
2 Timothy 1:7 says God has not given you a spirit of fear, but of power, love, and a sound mind.
You don't have to have a tormented mind and fear every day because He's given you that mind of Christ.
Jesus said, "Peace I leave with you, My peace I give to you.
" He already gave us His peace and comfort.
So whenever you ask, "Brandon, how are you going to handle all this stuff?
" stay in peace.
Goodness and mercy will follow me all the days of my life, and I will dwell in the house of the Lord forever.
Those are the promises He's given me; that's what I stand by.
I see all this stuff coming, and when people ask when it's coming, I say this: I'll never go against another man of God.
You might agree to disagree on timing—we all see in part—but I'm never going to talk bad about someone who loves the Lord.
We just have different revelations.
Let's be on the same team.
We want to be winners, victors, and overcomers by the blood of the Lamb and the word of our testimony.
That's what we set out to do: make the Rapture and stand before the Father and hear Him say, "Well done, thou good and faithful servant.
Enter into my rest.
" Who gave the word first?
Who cares?
We're all hearing the same Holy Spirit.
He speaks to each individual.
The Lord isn't schizophrenic; He isn't talking to Chris or Pastor Steve differently than me.
But how we interpret and filter it through our flesh is different.
It doesn't make anyone better or less; it just makes us human.
We've got to walk in love.
If I miss it, we walk in grace and love.
We just keep picking ourselves up and trying harder next time.
We seek His face daily.
As my wife says, "I'm just a work in progress.
" That is a beautiful, humble thing to say because we're never perfect.
Tomorrow, I'll still be a work in progress.
Jesus is the only one who's perfect.
No matter how well you think you hear Him, we're dealing with stinky flesh.
The only way you're going to get good is by staying under Jesus' wings and saying, "Father, I need You today just as much as I needed You yesterday.
" That's the only way we go from glory to glory.
People ask why I'm not upset about the "doom and gloom.
" I'm here to warn you so we can pray and stop a lot of it, but because we are in the end times, things are going to happen.
As labor pains upon a woman, so will it be.
Labor pains don't pause; they increase until the baby is born.
I anticipate things getting worse in 2025.
By the end of 2024, we're going to have an escalation, and it will be even more intense in 2025 and 2026.
If anybody tells you things are going to get better in the world, they aren't reading their Bible.
I'm not anticipating the world to get better, but I am anticipating a revival.
I'm anticipating God's children being the head and not the tail.
Every believer who presses into Jesus can walk in financial victory.
Don't be discouraged.
Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever.
I thank You, Lord, that even if there is no food in my cupboards, You are the God of more than enough and You will supply all my needs.
I am a tither and a giver, and I have tithers' rights.
He's provided for us time and time again.
If you have a need, sow a seed in your local church or where you're getting fed spiritually.
Give, and it shall be given unto you.
The wealth of the sinner is laid up for the righteous.
I say, "Devil, I'm taking it out of your economy.
" When a thief is found, he has to pay back sevenfold.
You need to get so expensive that the devil thinks twice about messing with you.
Stand on your covenant promises.
Proverbs 6:31 says he has to pay back sevenfold.
We have tithers' rights to walk in abundance and an overflow harvest.
Read Deuteronomy 28 until it becomes real to you.
Believe God for big.
Believe Him for the impossible.
I believe for supernatural increase, multiplication, and favor.
Favor follows me around.
I'm God's favorite kid.
I even believe for parking places!
We live by faith.
Whether it's a parking place or favor for the last can of tomatoes, believe God for miracles.
Somebody might pay for your coffee—give God praise for it.
Nothing is a coincidence.
We believe for things at thrift stores or items to flip on eBay and Poshmark.
We believe for supernatural sales.
Whatever you put your hands to will prosper.
It's time for more in '24.
I was supposed to talk to you about angels, but I got sidetracked.
I'll talk about it next time.
Don't be scared about the economy; that's not for you.
God is faithful.
Father, I thank You for every person believing for the impossible, stretching their faith like the woman with the issue of blood who touched the hem of His garment.
Jesus said, "Daughter, your faith has made you whole.
" We reach up by faith and grab that hem and say, "Jesus, Son of David, have mercy on us.
" I agree with you right now for your healing and your miracle.
We call deliverance over your lives and command those devils to release you.
We call for healing from the top of your head to the soles of your feet.
Whether it's a broken toe or a financial blessing, Jesus paid the price.
We call for marriages to be restored and for peace in your homes.
We submit to God and resist the devil.
I pray over your sleep right now.
If you've been tormented in your dreams, that spirit is broken in Jesus' name.
Find scriptures on restful sleep and meditate on them.
I thank You, Lord, that PTSD, thyroid diseases, and glaucoma are healed.
I stand with Joyce for brand-new kidneys.
Healing belongs to you.
Jesus is your healer.
We thank You, Lord, that we're going from glory to glory.
If you were saved or healed today, let us know in the comments.
Please like, subscribe, and thank you for your super thanks.
Put a smile on your face; Jesus loves you.
I'll talk about angels next time.
God bless you.